Hello my dear, I join in today
a day with and that love the
beauty to go me packed the day means
at her mine is closed confessions day
Either way there are klose comes to
check the different ones I have
I still believe not set fully established
what ever
In any case it will be in this video
just about fashion and expensive things
the cheapest things darling parts and
and and and I wish you a lot now
fun with me the question number 1
the oldest piece in yours
wardrobe which you are still wearing there
I had to think very hard, I'm yes
Now that's why it can be when I'm ten
that would not be years old to me
fit more
But what definitely something
is older and around the age of five
So from 2009 is a because this beige
cardigan loving the tragic almost
Every week I have that often
at this time of tender 15 also tasted
we still have in pink and white
but I have now selected again
because I really super super often
wear as a normal is that and
I sometimes have several parts here
chosen by tip are better that way
boring and this pants is also when
It's a jeans in such a super nice
Light Blue
I like also very good that I had
from london aliens that is who is in
Wuppertal the effect at the main station and
yes this is my two oldest
participant two what is your new part
I recently xxl fashion hall
Turned up the great many new things
I'll show you now vicariously
these highways kruse here from h & m the
had 25 euros and I think that costs
very nice and I have that
question number three what is yours
most expensive part
as not paid yourself but to
get my birthday and
this is this handbag here
I think that it recognizes this is
a louis vuitton mirror 30 i love
she's hot and heartfelt and I use it
of course not in everyday life because in
the school but one stands on the
I certainly do not want to go with the floor
I was very cheap costing
at that time cost around 500 euros
now it costs even over 600 so the
until you put the prices on and
the mentor is the cheapest piece
what you actually wear there I have too
I picked out two things
not sure now I have many
Bargain so actually made but
Here I am one hundred percent sure
I've paid a euro for
and that is a pink tube of exactly
and a tip topp that was true
I cost three euros from tally weijl
in pink the law a bit
better way, a bit airy and is
had such embroidery up here and
yes I think so very sweet and yes
about three euros in the building
5 what was your biggest bargain from there
I have picked out things that have
I bought yes about a year ago
these are the poorest he otherwise 140 euro
as I just paid only 70 so
that suck every case a bit
as well as this rose here too
you could be pretty old too
In 2009 these are diesel and they have
I bought myself at tk maxx so looked
on the super nice which sits properly
clap
however , I do not put them on often
val di and very far so that's it
looks right now not but it
not like a skinny jeans or
so he can not only in the winter has
precipitated with boots or so trankow 20
and that cost 150 originally
and you paid almost 30 euros for that
not bad if the sixth ask
Unfortunately I have to adjust because it is asked
which was my biggest waste of money
and I found nothing but me
generally not super expensive
clothes when he cock in the bath
or so buyer and I do not have
happy long standing wardrobe
and with character yes but there was now
left and the question is number seven
what my favorite three parts currently
very often worn by me are under
other still these ermek much the
others too but i thought the come
fans are not that boring that is
Just the pee I pick up
as well as my chance I have only
seven few jobs or so I'm totally
the chucks trainer and are now
representative of the writing here
I also the next towards
low in black which will fit
always very common and another
favorite part is this baisse longchamp
bag in this metallic beige something
even that someone already a bit too
and yes, she is a very loyal one
companion if i am not working or
school for the city of the same way
thereby almost always with just that
it was with my tag video i hope so
you liked it
I would like to know what you are
most expensive and what your cheapest
Food I already have your little one
piece was and yes so I hope second
Children also get shoes and bags
I have found that belongs to it
and of course an intact until the
next time she drove endlessly it goes
in my head you give it a little bit
bag
already can attract
I've even recently I shown
stone age